it is definitely a bit strange
that philipp lame here in the säbener
Street between many youngsters
trained during the German
national team from sunday in the
em-qualifying for points and fights
Welcome to the Fcb TV
news for our captain philipp lahm
it was said on Wednesday evening
say goodbye to the German
national team no easy moment
After ten years 113 country games
The decision was well considered when
a very very nice time has very very
a lot of fun but such a
decision then you also hit and
then you do not look back wistfully
just want to have a nice time
one had one on the other one looks at
back and then it works
again looking forward that is
a day later again in the morning here
and I trained
now our captain has so would
country break and much more time
for training for the golf but of course
also for his privacy
Every four weeks is a country game
break there I am then two weeks on
Piece at home is really something nice
look if the family with me clear
then comes
while lame in those days not only
at home but also here at the fc
bavaria with full use in the matter
unfortunately some others are plaguing themselves
hurt around
xabi alonso works the whole week
because of problems at the foot only in the
Performance Center at the other new entry
mehdi ben attia tweak calf and back
after all, he worked with fitness coach
thomas wilhelmi in the conditional
area and also a crawl can after
jump joint problems not yet again
to 100 percent burden
luckily, however, this is none
dramatic injuries all three
will probably be in the upcoming week
team training of the fc bavaria return
And so captain Philipp lame
I do not think much, I think
that with security benefits now that
the country break is otherwise
we have many injured players
too bad we still have one
he is absolutely competitive
Still top is in the Bundesliga and
That's why I'm not worried about us
have to come back that we over
90 minutes as a football play as
the first 20 30 minutes on schalke
thumbs up at rafinha's
Brazilian has four weeks after his
ligament injury again with the run
began
In addition, the injured on the knee tiago
continue with his training
progress
the spanier job since wednesday at the
fresh air yes and franck ribéry is
Back the Frenchman could do the whole thing
week full training for the training
weekend pep guardiola has its
mannen released the fcb tv news releases
It therefore only again next week
what else today and in the last
days around the fc bavaria happened
which now in newsflash
new entry juan bernat was on
thursday evening 90 minutes for the
spanish u 21 national team im
commitment
thereby the fcb-profi celebrated in the
em-qualification every 1 0 success against
the Hungarian election more sand 20
million with now more than 20
The FC Bayern has millions of likes
facebook now twice as many
follower as the second most successful
german club borussia dortmund and almost
ten times as many as the third
schalke thanks to all bayern fans manuel
new arrives in the waxworks cabinet
madame tussauds in berlin
at the so-called sitting were with
scale and touch taken 226 measurements
and about 150 photos from different
Looking out from the world goalkeeper
made in the official youtube
Channel of FC Bayern is now a making
of to marvel at, click in